# Hacking

In the last past years I've been studying different stuff and I felt like I was wanting to understand how those things works in low level.

I started as always: applying a study technique that I am used to use, a simple list, and... well, It has worked with me since I know me as human.

  1. Find references: people who knows what you want to learn, and that had success;
  2. Start studying those references: replicate what they have done;
  3. If you are stuck in some subject, repeat the cycle with this issue

I started to study the numeric system and then I was in processing / storage of floating point in the computer system that we have today. Then I came across with a guy knew as "IEEE 754", which forced me to study computer system, where I got to see "assembly", and everything started to be interesting.

finnaly, it didn't work very well in the beginning, but I made a review of everything I have got so far and I found what I really was wanting to study: "hacking". There is where everything started to have sense and I rediscovered what I really like to do: that are those challenges in this area of technology. And amazingly in hacking everyday is a challenge.

In this post I can not want to tell you everything, so I will let it opened for the next few posts.

What I want you know is that I whish to write about all of this. I have plans of writing CTF's "write up", like "HTB", research in this area, how to write a good and secure code, and even more. Who knows... a Youtube channel.
